Update the PR guidelines in Contributing docs (#9179)
traefik/traefik: docs/content/contributing/submitting-pull-requests.md

The PRs we are able to handle fastest are:
* Documentation updates
* Bug fixes
* Enhancements and Features with a contributor/wanted tag

PRs that take more time to address include:
* Enhancements or Features without the contributor/wanted tag  
  
If you have an idea for an enhancement or feature that you would like to build, 
[create an issue](https://github.com/traefik/traefik/issues/new/choose) for it first 
and tell us you are interested in writing the PR. 
If an issue already exists, definitely comment on it to tell us you are interested in creating a PR. 

This will allow us to communicate directly and let you know if it is something we would accept. 
It also allows us to make sure you have all the information you need during the design phase 
so that it can be reviewed and merged quickly. 
  
If you have questions about the Triage process, [read more here](https://github.com/traefik/contributors-guide/blob/master/issue_triage.md).  
  
# The Pull Request Submit Process

> Merging a PR requires the following steps to be completed before the pull request is merged automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Merging a PR requires the following steps to be completed before it is merged automatically.
```

Author: I think in this case we should be extra clear and repeat the term.

This bot is responsible for verifying GitHub Checks (CI, Tests, etc), mergability, and minimum reviews. 
In addition, it rebases or merges with the base PR branch if needed. 
It performs several other housekeeping items and 
you can read more about those on the [README](https://github.com/traefik/lobicornis) for Lobicornis.

The maintainer giving the final LGTM must add the status/3-needs-merge label to trigger the merge bot.

By default, a squash-rebase merge will be carried out.

The status status/4-merge-in-progress is only used by the bot.

If the bot is not able to perform the merge, the label bot/need-human-merge is added. 
In such a situation, solve the conflicts/CI/... and then remove the label bot/need-human-merge.

To prevent the bot from automatically merging a PR, add the label bot/no-merge.

The label bot/light-review decreases the number of required LGTM from 3 to 1.

This label can be used when:
* Updating a dependency
* Merging branches back into the next version branch
* Submitting minor documentation changes
* Submitting changelog PRs

# Why Was My Pull Request Closed?

Traefik Proxy is made by the community for the community, 

> as such goal is to engage the community to make Traefik the best reverse proxy available. 

Reviewer 2: I don't get this sentence. maybe it's missing "the" before "goal"?

> Unfortunately, part of this goal is maintaining a lean codebase and ensuring code velocity. 

Reviewer 2: why Unfortunately? these are good things.
